Liss so netflix has a couple of movies
out that we wanted to cover in one video
one is Shakespeare alle sha'lame another
a psychological thriller where a man
loses his wife and daughter in the ER
and then a spooky movie dealing with a
Bubble Boy you can't leave this house
let me explain
so the first one I want to start with is
the king which I'd give a junior price
to just just off of the memes alone
luckily you can stream it since plan B
produced his with Netflix it's written
by joel edgerton and director david
michôd who did animal kingdom which i
highly recommend if you haven't got that
one but he also did the rover making
this his reunion with Pattinson and he
also did warmachine another plan B movie
Netflix had no plan B for luckily he's
got the king of white boi Twitter
himself to helm this film and I'd say he
makes a decent movie king he's not up
there with the great but I like the
speech but in case you don't know
anything about Henry v he actually came
before Henry the sixth but after Henry
the fourth and even though he only ruled
for a decade this man has plays by
Shakespeare on him causing his legacy to
endure for centuries in the Netflix
version they dramatizes perils as a
young boy during a time when they were
losing hundreds of men at war yet the
king wouldn't pay for those who were
caught he wouldn't pay for the ransoms
cuz then he wouldn't have enough for his
chicken eventually his dad dies as well
as his brother Tommen so the pacifist
Henry who was vehemently against war and
any kind of violence becomes the King
known for war and being really good at
violence but because he was used
jeonse known you nothing but Henry over
here has to get reminded by the
screenwriter over and over that people
are never prepared for war but I think
you forgot to tell him was that some
people also hope for it and profit from
it this dude right here ends up being
the guy who screwed everything over for
him just because he wanted him to be in
power but more so because he was gonna
profit from it
this man is Dick Cheney and Littlefinger
wrapped into one like you should know
never trust Holloman Lane if there's one
person who fought harder than to me in
these battles though man was robber with
that accent I have not come to offer you
surrender that is what your open but you
know what I love his Pepe LePew accent
in this movie I've honestly loved
everything that this man's been doing
with his career the fact that Robert
Pattinson went from a vampire hot Rob to
the 824 alum having sex with mermaids
and next he's playing Batman but yeah
the danger is always that it drifts off
into kind of Monty Python fantastic
Robert really suited up in this scene
even though he
stand a chance at all especially after
Henry speech something that I'm not
saying is the best of all time you know
I have a Timmy bias when it comes to it
anyways but I think it's good enough
that I'm confident in him leading the
new Doon with them thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank line
Thank You Caitlin thank you take line
make a cake line thank you thank God
like this boy is pacing around like
Jordan and Game seven he's leading the
front of his pack like happened to chil
and WA Conda and I love the one take
seeing him really get into the action
made him feel like a ducky are there
certain angles where it looks less like
war and more like NYC rush hour yes
but Timmy killed it with his bare arms
and even had soldiers who went out to
their own spleens bending the knee for
him not as bendy is that sword Patterson
hand but hey Johnson oh look you're not
alone with the bendy club by the end of
it Henry doesn't stick it into Lois but
he does his sister Catherine who informs
him that he got duped this whole time
and thus you get this bittersweet ending
where he has all of this power he's this
great king only to end up heartbroken
once again that side big shout to the
composer Nicholas Berta who previously
did moonlight which I loved he did Beale
streets he also did succession which I'm
halfway through the first season but the
score is incredible and Portia even raps
over it fantastic score for this one as
well I think he does a great job
especially with the coronation scene and
also a big shout out to the
cinematographer who did Macbeth which
not my favorite movie but I swear by
that being one of the most beautiful
looking movies of the decade and he does
a great job here with the battle scenes
as well overall I liked it enough to
catch it twice for this video and I'm
left exhilarated to hear what King movie
Netflix has in store for us next year so
this movie comes from director Brett
Anderson who's marking his third film in
a creepy medical facility disturbing
psychological thrillers set at hospitals
it seems to be a little bit of a theme
for me I thought this was a decent
Netflix watch I would give it a
Streetman mainly because I've seen this
story done a lot of times but I don't
think I should take away in case you've
never seen a movie like this but
obviously spoilers for this little bit
that I'm covering it if you pay close
attention you should be able to guess
the entire movie right away considering
that the story is about a guy who hasn't
been the same since in incidents and now
he's taking his girl to the hospital
after a fall even though like the movie
kind of sprawled to you with clips
saying so it kind of leaves you sitting
there and considering we had just
covered puka I'm just wondering are they
gonna pukas again they poke at us again
I'm sure we all see different variations
of this story where something traumatic
happens and instead of coping with it
the character creates an entire
alternate reality which if you didn't
put your wife you know what it happened
I'll give the movie credit in the way it
plays off the hospital scenes and having
its cast and kind of like offset the
suspicions you know I do think there's
an interesting story there it just I
thought the clues made it a little too
obvious thanks to Yuri fly and EMS
brought in a couple head trauma so it's
backed us up a bit
couple teenagers if I wouldn't recommend
something my favorite in I wouldn't
really call it a genre but stories like
this I wouldn't recommend these right
here but for this one by the end of it
like I said definitely a stream it but
one that uses Sam Worthington as an
avatar for this gritty lesson but
hospitals are just like on another just
they can be depicted as places where one
goes to be saved as much as places where
you can go and and to your to your doom
now I like this one but it could just be
because I knew the ending before going
into it and I had no idea how they were
gonna get from point A to point B it
begins with this child named Eli who's
being treated like a Bubble Boy who
can't leave his own house because he
gets extremely sick but while everyone's
wondering what causes it towards the
beginning of the movie I'm just staring
at this kid's feet like well obviously
it's cuz he's not wearing any socks by
the end of it it turns out that he's the
son of Satan but you don't know that
until the end of it so then drilling his
head makes no sense while you're
watching this movie meanwhile the poor
kid doesn't know why he's in there
either
so while his kids getting spooked or
dragged by these demons in this hospital
he has no idea what's happening and I
will say that that's the one part of the
movie that kind of doesn't make sense
once you know the ending because
considering these are demons be be it
either his past siblings or his own
minions shouldn't they be like helping
him instead of freaking him out
like if I went to a family reunion but I
didn't know I was in one I would hope
they'd tell me and don't you know scare
the crap out of me that said it is all
supposed to be from the kids perspective
besides like three scenes the director
stated were from a different perspective
and there's a lot from the parents but I
counted more that broke the perspective
but I think the movie stone in a setting
do a great job at putting you in this
poor kid's mind sometimes literally
eventually we realize that he doesn't
have a gluten allergy but that this
entire place is set up to run exorcisms
on him and other kids before this devil
child literally raises hell and bright
burns the world see the mom had a
threesome back in her college days with
a devil in order to have a kid without
her husband knowing at all but it turns
out that this wasn't a one-time thing
for Lucifer
pretty much Satan laid more pipe than
Wilt Chamberlain in his early days and
now he's dealing with his own delivery
man scenario as all his bastard children
get sent to this exorcism hospital so
once Li realizes he's a little Hellboy
and he's been done wrong he decides to
blow up his dad's face again didn't know
turns his mom into the new rosemary and
is joined by his new half-sister to go
discover stranger things and hopefully
get some child support money from his
dead think you guys freaking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section quicks
to be facts I guess if we're talking
about the king
Heath Ledger had inspired him to become
an actor which what that was interesting
but he ended up doing a lot more Batman
supposedly this according to story right
here
he went to go do an audition and he was
supposed to do the original psycho but
he had like practice the American Psycho
rendition so I could just imagine how
confused the casting directors were when
this kid came in all crazy with an X
another thing from the King that I
thought was funny was Lily Depp's
comments on her forehead for this role
as I'm quite a large for it and when I
went in for my my like hair and makeup
fitting for the for the fart they were
kind of sorted in my hair and stuff and
they were like oh your forehead is
perfect for the time period but I went
it kind of did some research on it in
this period women used to pluck
therefore pluck the hairs out of their
forehead you need to have like further
yeah I was like a sign of beauty and
intelligence that like big forehead
period so they used to pluck their
allies and I was like I don't really
have stuff on some of the other movies
maybe you guys do to let me know some
tidbits on the other two we covered but
we also do have like an x-ray view
rattlesnake Elina had seen this one and
she told me it was more of a stream and
she kind of explained it to me as a
rattly I was paying attention to it but
not fully so that's why I want to cover
it in the main section of this video but
that it's pretty much about a mother who
will do anything for her child and they
kind of have an extra emphasis in the
beginning of the movie where under any
circumstances she would never hurt
anyone you know unless it's to save her
kid she said it was an interesting
premise except for the fact that she
drags to react in multiple times and
that's on top of her morals going
everywhere like I've heard a lot of
people complain about the cop-out as
well because supposedly she tries to
commit suicide because like someone
needs to give their life so she tries to
commit suicide in order to protect her
child and it's one of those things where
you get it like it's a strong point
almost every parent would do that but
the metaphor visually you know the way
that they showed it it just doesn't work
it looks like a woman I don't know
trying to do a something opposite than
what she should have been doing she told
me that by the end of it she stalks a
dude living in the middle of nowhere who
we have to wait for a sundown cuz movie
rules but he's abusive so eventually she
you know it's okay to take his life for
the daughters and they live happily ever
after with the lesson being to I guess
be a better parent and don't leave your
child alone to get bit or you know be
the best parents and make sure your kid
watches anything other than rattles
Netflix I'm here to know your thoughts
we did catch that one the performance
seemed to be good but I guess the story
just wasn't there which seems to be the
bit with a lot of these Netflix things
is that they released or they're they're
releasing a lot of movies out there in
between like the Irishman and stuff
where you know it's not like HBO where
everything's quality you have to watch
like five movies before you get the one
good one unless it comes with a name
like Martin Scorsese but there's a bunch
of these that I know that they're buying
off of Studios who couldn't release them
in theaters so they're giving it to them
and it's ironic that theaters don't want
to support stuff from Netflix
considering stories like that but I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section don't forget to
come and like and subscribe
and Robert will change boobs